README.md, before:

gasp-android
============

        GGGGGGGGGGGGG               AAA                 SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP    !!!
     GGG::::::::::::G              A:::A              SS:::::::::::::::SP::::::::::::::::P  !!:!!
    GG:::::::::::::::G             A:::::A            S:::::SSSSSS::::::SP::::::PPPPPP:::::P !:::!
    G:::::GGGGGGGG::::G            A:::::::A           S:::::S     SSSSSSSPP:::::P     P:::::P!:::!
    G:::::G       GGGGGG           A:::::::::A          S:::::S              P::::P     P:::::P!:::!
    G:::::G                        A:::::A:::::A         S:::::S              P::::P     P:::::P!:::!
    G:::::G                       A:::::A A:::::A         S::::SSSS           P::::PPPPPP:::::P !:::!
    G:::::G    GGGGGGGGGG        A:::::A   A:::::A         SS::::::SSSSS      P:::::::::::::PP  !:::!
    G:::::G    G::::::::G       A:::::A     A:::::A          SSS::::::::SS    P::::PPPPPPPPP    !:::!
    G:::::G    GGGGG::::G      A:::::AAAAAAAAA:::::A            SSSSSS::::S   P::::P            !:::!
    G:::::G        G::::G     A:::::::::::::::::::::A                S:::::S  P::::P            !!:!!
    G:::::G       G::::G    A:::::AAAAAAAAAAAAA:::::A               S:::::S  P::::P             !!!
    G:::::GGGGGGGG::::G   A:::::A             A:::::A  SSSSSSS     S:::::SPP::::::PP
    GG:::::::::::::::G  A:::::A               A:::::A S::::::SSSSSS:::::SP::::::::P           !!!
     GGG::::::GGG:::G A:::::A                 A:::::AS:::::::::::::::SS P::::::::P          !!:!!
        GGGGGG   GGGGAAAAAAA                   AAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSS   PPPPPPPPPP           !!!

A simple Android client for Kohsuke's gasp-server project
Please see (https://github.com/cloudbees/gasp-server.git) for instructions on how to build and run the server app

GaspReviews contains the main Android project: the main Activity is GaspReviewsActivity, which uses an android.app.ListFragment to display all the reviews returned by the gasp-server via an asynchronous content loader (com.cloudbees.gasp.loader.RESTLoader). The test project (GaspReviewsTest) has
a single test class (com.cloudbees.gasp.test.GaspRESTLoaderTest), which can be used for automated testing of the mobile-backend communciations.

The Gasp! endpoint url is set in GaspReviews/res/xml/preferences.xml (android:key="gasp_endpoint_uri"): this can be reset using Android shared preferences with the Options Menu (fn-cmd-F2 with the Android emulator on a MacBook). The first time the GaspReviewsActivity is run, it will load the default value of gasp_endpoint_uri, but subsequent activations will use the value stored using on the device's shared preferences. Note that the async loader will not pick up a change in the endpoint uri until the Activity is reloaded (typically when the app is restarted). The GaspReviews project uses gson for JSON parsing - the jar has been added to GaspReviews/libs. 

To run the project in Eclipse ADT, use "git clone https://github.com/mqprichard/gasp-android.git" and then Import -> Android -> Import Existing Android Projects from the root directory of the local repo.  You will need to add the GaspReviews project to the Eclipse Build Path for GaspReviewsTest. 

To run the Android JUnit tests in Jenkins, configure the Android emulator as per https://partnerdemo.ci.cloudbees.com/job/Android-dev/ and then run the following commands:

Execute Shell:

$JENKINS_ANDROID_HOME/tools/android update project --path GaspReviews --target "android-17" --subprojects

$JENKINS_ANDROID_HOME/tools/android update test-project --path GaspReviewsTest --main ../GaspReviews

Ant Build:

Targets: clean debug install test

Build File: GaspReviewsTest/build.xml
 
This project is closely modeled on Neil Goodman's example of using Android Loaders for async REST data services. I have modified it to remove the Android support library, so that it requires a minimum Android target of 3.0 and uses android.app.Activity instead of android.support.v4.app.ActivityFragment. This simplifies unit testing, since com.cloudbees.gasp.test.GaspRESTLoaderTest can simply extend android.test.LoaderTestCase.

Neil's code is [here](https://github.com/posco2k8/rest_loader_tutorial.git). Please refer to the original blog post located [here](http://neilgoodman.net/2011/12/26/modern-techniques-for-implementing-rest-clients-on-android-4-0-and-below-part-1/) for further detail.  The second part of the tutorial, which uses a Service instead of a Loader, can be found [here](http://neilgoodman.net/2012/01/01/modern-techniques-for-implementing-rest-clients-on-android-4-0-and-below-part-2)

Commit message:

Updated README based on new project structure

README.md, after:

gasp-android
============

        GGGGGGGGGGGGG               AAA                 SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP    !!!
     GGG::::::::::::G              A:::A              SS:::::::::::::::SP::::::::::::::::P  !!:!!
    GG:::::::::::::::G             A:::::A            S:::::SSSSSS::::::SP::::::PPPPPP:::::P !:::!
    G:::::GGGGGGGG::::G            A:::::::A           S:::::S     SSSSSSSPP:::::P     P:::::P!:::!
    G:::::G       GGGGGG           A:::::::::A          S:::::S              P::::P     P:::::P!:::!
    G:::::G                        A:::::A:::::A         S:::::S              P::::P     P:::::P!:::!
    G:::::G                       A:::::A A:::::A         S::::SSSS           P::::PPPPPP:::::P !:::!
    G:::::G    GGGGGGGGGG        A:::::A   A:::::A         SS::::::SSSSS      P:::::::::::::PP  !:::!
    G:::::G    G::::::::G       A:::::A     A:::::A          SSS::::::::SS    P::::PPPPPPPPP    !:::!
    G:::::G    GGGGG::::G      A:::::AAAAAAAAA:::::A            SSSSSS::::S   P::::P            !:::!
    G:::::G        G::::G     A:::::::::::::::::::::A                S:::::S  P::::P            !!:!!
    G:::::G       G::::G    A:::::AAAAAAAAAAAAA:::::A               S:::::S  P::::P             !!!
    G:::::GGGGGGGG::::G   A:::::A             A:::::A  SSSSSSS     S:::::SPP::::::PP
    GG:::::::::::::::G  A:::::A               A:::::A S::::::SSSSSS:::::SP::::::::P           !!!
     GGG::::::GGG:::G A:::::A                 A:::::AS:::::::::::::::SS P::::::::P          !!:!!
        GGGGGG   GGGGAAAAAAA                   AAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSS   PPPPPPPPPP           !!!

A simple Android client for Kohsuke's gasp-server project
Please see (https://github.com/cloudbees/gasp-server.git) for instructions on how to build and run the server app

GaspLocationsActivity shows a Google Maps-based activity to display all Restaurants within a given radius of the current location.  There are also two other activities (GaspRESTLoaderActivity and GaspRESTServiceActivity), which show examples of how to load data from a cloud-based REST service (gasp-server) using an async loader and a service implementation, respectively. These are closely modeled on Neil Goodman's example of using Android Loaders for async REST data services. I have modified these to remove the Android support library, so that it requires a minimum Android target of 3.0 and uses android.app.Activity instead of android.support.v4.app.ActivityFragment. This simplifies unit testing, since com.cloudbees.gasp.test.GaspRESTLoaderTest can simply extend android.test.LoaderTestCase. Neil's code is [here](https://github.com/posco2k8/rest_loader_tutorial.git). Please refer to the original blog post located [here](http://neilgoodman.net/2011/12/26/modern-techniques-for-implementing-rest-clients-on-android-4-0-and-below-part-1/) for further detail.  The second part of the tutorial, which uses a Service instead of a Loader, can be found [here](http://neilgoodman.net/2012/01/01/modern-techniques-for-implementing-rest-clients-on-android-4-0-and-below-part-2)

The Gasp! endpoint url is set in GaspReviews/res/xml/preferences.xml (android:key="gasp_endpoint_uri"): this can be reset using Android shared preferences with the Options Menu (fn-cmd-F2 with the Android emulator on a MacBook). The first time the GaspLocationsActivity is run, it will load the default value of gasp_endpoint_uri, but subsequent activations will use the value stored using on the device's shared preferences. Note that the async loader will not pick up a change in the endpoint uri until the Activity is reloaded (typically when the app is restarted).
